# Top documents
## Document 0
```
9.1 Term. This Agreement is effective until terminated by a party, as described below.
```
```
9.2 Termination without cause. Either party may terminate this Agreement without cause on 30 days’
notice. Licenses granted on a subscription basis will continue for the duration of the Subscription Term,
subject to the terms of this Agreement.
```
```
9.3 Termination for cause. Without limiting other remedies, either party may terminate this Agreement for
material breach immediately if the other party fails to cure a curable breach within a 30-day notice
period. Upon such termination:
```
```
(a) All licenses granted under this Agreement will terminate immediately.
```
```
(b) All amounts due under any unpaid invoices will become due and payable immediately.
```
```
(c) If GitHub is in breach, Customer will be reimbursed for any prepaid unused fees.
```
9.4 **Termination for regulatory reasons.** GitHub may modify, discontinue, or terminate a Product in any
country or jurisdiction where there is any current or future government regulation, obligation, or other
requirement, that (1) is not generally applicable to businesses operating there; (2) presents a hardship
for GitHub to continue offering the Product without modification; or (3) causes GitHub to believe these
terms or the Product may conflict with any such regulation, obligation, or requirement. If GitHub
terminates a subscription for regulatory reasons, Customer will receive, as its sole remedy, a
reimbursement for any prepaid, unused subscription fees.  
9.5 **Migration**. Customer may migrate or request migration of the data in its repositories for up to ninety
(90) days after termination of this Agreement. Customer may not use the Products on a production
basis during that time.

## Document 1
1.1 **License grant.** Products are licensed and not sold. Subject to Customer’s compliance with this
Agreement, GitHub grants to Customer a nonexclusive and limited license to install and use the
Products ordered as provided in the applicable Product Specific Terms and this Agreement. The licenses
are only for Customer’s internal business purposes and are non-transferable except as expressly
permitted under this Agreement or applicable law.  
1.2 **Duration of licenses.** Licenses expire at the end of the applicable Subscription Term unless renewed.  
1.3 **Accounts.** Customer may assign each Subscription License to one individual End User for use or access
on any number of devices. Customer may not reassign a Subscription License to another End User
within 90 days of the last assignment, except where End User’s relationship with Customer ends or End
User goes on leave. End User accounts may not be shared by individuals.  
1.4 **End Users.** Customer controls access to and use of the Products by End Users. Customer is responsible
for End Users’ use.  
1.5 **Product Specific Terms.** Product Specific Terms apply to Products such as, but not limited to, GitHub AE,
GitHub Enterprise Cloud and GitHub Enterprise Server. If there is a conflict between the Product
Specific Terms and the General Terms, the Product Specific Terms apply for that Product.  
1.6 **Previews**. Previews are provided “AS-IS”, “WITH ALL FAULTS” and “AS AVAILABLE”. GitHub may change
or discontinue Previews at any time without notice.  
1.7 **Product changes.** GitHub has the right to make changes to the Products if such changes do not
materially lessen the Product’s functionality. GitHub may provide additional terms that apply to
Customer’s use of updates, new features, or related software.  
1.8 **Affiliates.** Customer’s Affiliates may use the Products under this Agreement. Customer is responsible for
its Affiliates’ use, and Customer has the sole right to enforce this Agreement.  
1.9 **Compliance with laws.** Customer’s use of the Products must not violate any applicable laws, including
copyright or trademark laws, export control laws and regulations, including laws and regulations in its
jurisdiction.  
1.10 **Reservation of rights.** Products are protected by copyright and other intellectual property laws and
international treaties. GitHub reserves all rights not expressly granted in this Agreement, and no rights
are granted or implied by waiver or estoppel.  
1.11 **Feedback.** Feedback by Customer is optional and voluntary. Feedback may be used by GitHub for
any purpose without obligation of any kind as long as the Customer’s confidential information
remains confidential.  
1.12 **Restrictions.** Unless expressly permitted in this Agreement or by law, Customer may not:  
```
(a) reverse engineer, decompile, or disassemble any Product, or try to do so;
```
```
(b) run, upgrade or downgrade, or transfer parts of a Product separately at different times or on
different devices;
(c) install, use, or distribute other software or technology in any way that makes
GitHub’s intellectual property or technology subject to any other license terms;
```
```
(d) work around technical limitations in a Product or restrictions in Product documentation; or
```
```
(e) sell, rent, lease, sublicense, distribute or lend any Products to others, in whole or in part, or host
Products for use by others.
```

## Document 2
- **A.** GitHub may hire Subprocessors of our choosing. The above authorization constitutes Your prior written consent to GitHub subcontracting the processing of Personal Data to any Subprocessor on the Subprocessor List.
- **B.** From time to time, GitHub may engage new Subprocessors. GitHub will give You notice of such engagements by updating the Subprocessor List and providing You with notice of that update (by the means set forth at https://gh.io/subscribe) 30 days before providing that Subprocessor with access to Customer Personal Data.
- **C.** If You do not approve of a new Subprocessor, You may terminate any subscription for the affected Online Services without penalty by providing written notice of termination before the end of the relevant notice period. If the affected Online Service is part of a suite or purchased as part of a bundle, then any termination will apply to the entire suite or bundle.
- **D.** GitHub is responsible for our Subprocessors’ compliance with GitHub’s obligations in this DPA, and will engage such Subprocessors by written agreements compliant with the requirements of the GDPR governing the use of Subprocessors. GitHub will oversee the Subprocessors to ensure that their contractual obligations are met.

## Document 3
Following the completion of the Services, to the extent that GitHub is a Processor and unless prohibited by law, GitHub will delete or return all the Customer Personal Data to You, whichever you elect, and delete existing copies in accordance with our retention and deletion policy.

## Document 4
5.1 **Limited warranties and remedies.**  
```
(a) Online Services. GitHub warrants that the Online Services will perform in accordance with the
applicable SLA during Customer’s use. Customer’s remedies for breach of this warranty are
described in the SLA.
```
```
(b) Software. GitHub warrants that the Software will perform substantially as described in the
applicable Product documentation for one year from the date Customer acquires a license for that
version. If it does not and Customer notifies GitHub within the warranty term, GitHub will at its
option (a) return the price Customer paid for the Software license or (b) repair or replace the
Software.
```
```
(c) Support. GitHub warrants that it will perform Support in accordance with the applicable Support
```  
```
program. Customer’s remedies for breach of this warranty are described in the Support programs.
```
```
The remedies above are Customer’s sole remedies for breach of the warranties. Customer waives any
warranty claims not made during the warranty period.
```
5.2 **Exclusions.** The warranties in this Agreement do not apply to problems caused by accident, abuse, or
use inconsistent with this Agreement, including failure to meet minimum system requirements. These
warranties do not apply to Previews.  
5.3 **Disclaimer.** Except for the limited warranties above and subject to applicable law, GitHub provides no
other warranties. It disclaims any other express, implied or statutory warranties, including warranties of
quality, title, non-infringement, merchantability, and fitness for a particular purpose.

## Document 5
```
8.1 Fees. Customer agrees to pay fees in full, up front and, if invoiced, within thirty (30) days of the invoice
date. Amounts payable are non-refundable, except as stated in this Agreement regarding Product
warranty and third-party claims. If billed based on usage, GitHub will invoice according to the billing
```  
```
model described in the Product documentation.
```
```
8.2 Late payment. If Customer fails to pay fees on time, GitHub has the right to charge 2% monthly interest
on past due amounts as allowed by law. GitHub also has the right to charge Customer for all expenses of
recovery, to terminate the applicable order, turn off access and to take any other action at law.
```
```
8.3 Taxes. Customer is solely responsible for all taxes, fees, duties and governmental assessments (except
for taxes based on GitHub’s net income) that are imposed or become due in connection with this
Agreement. If any taxes are required to be withheld on payments invoiced by GitHub, Customer may
deduct such taxes from the amount owed and pay them to the appropriate taxing authority, but only if
Customer promptly provides GitHub an official receipt for those withholdings and other documents
reasonably requested to allow GitHub to claim a foreign tax credit or refund. Customer will ensure that
any taxes withheld are minimized to the extent possible under applicable law.
```

## Document 6
```
Support. GitHub will Support a generally available release of a Product for one year from the original
release date or 6 months from the last generally available update of such release, whichever is longer.
GitHub is not responsible for Support if (a) Customer fails to update their Product to the newest release, (b)
someone other than a GitHub Representative modifies the Products or (c) Customer uses the Products in a
manner unauthorized by the Agreement or Product documentation.
```

## Document 7
7.1 Each party’s maximum, aggregate liability to the other under this Agreement is limited to direct
damages finally awarded in an amount not to exceed the following:  
```
(a) Products. For Products ordered on a subscription basis, GitHub’s maximum liability to Customer for
any incident giving rise to a claim will not exceed the amount Customer paid for the Product during
the 12 months before the incident.
```
```
(b) Previews. For Previews, GitHub’s maximum liability is limited to US $500.00.
```
```
(c) Exclusions. In no event will either party be liable for indirect, incidental, special, punitive, or
consequential damages, or loss of use, loss of profits, or interruption of business; however, caused
or on any theory of liability.
```
```
(d) Exceptions. No limitation or exclusions will apply to liability arising out of either party’s (1)
confidentiality obligations unrelated to Customer Content; (2) defense obligations above; or (3)
violation of the other party’s intellectual property rights.
```

## Document 8
MODULE ONE: CONTROLLER TO CONTROLLER
MODULE TWO: CONTROLLER TO PROCESSOR
MODULE THREE: PROCESSOR TO PROCESSOR  
_Categories of data subjects whose personal data is transferred:_  
Data subjects include the data exporter’s representatives and end-users including employees, contractors, collaborators, and customers of the data exporter. Data subjects may also include individuals attempting to communicate or transfer personal data to users of the services provided by data importer. GitHub acknowledges that, depending on Customer’s use of the Online Service or Professional Services, Customer may elect to include personal data from any of the following types of data subjects in the personal data:  
- Employees, contractors, and temporary workers (current, former, prospective) of data exporter;
- Data exporter’s collaborators/contact persons (natural persons) or employees, contractors, or temporary workers of legal entity collaborators/contact persons (current, prospective, former);
- Users and other data subjects that are users of data exporter’s services;
- Partners, stakeholders, or individuals who actively collaborate, communicate, or otherwise interact with employees of the data exporter and/or use communication tools such as apps and websites provided by the data exporter.  
_Categories of personal data transferred:_  
The personal data transferred that is included in e-mail, documents, and other data in an
electronic form in the context of the Online Services or Professional Services. GitHub
acknowledges that, depending on Customer’s use of the Online Service or Professional Services,
Customer may elect to include personal data from any of the following categories in the
personal data:  
- Basic personal data (for example place of birth, street name and house number (address), postal code, city of residence, country of residence, mobile phone number, first name, last name, initials, email address, gender, date of birth);
- Authentication data (for example username, password or PIN code, security question, audit trail);
- Contact information (for example addresses, email, phone numbers, social media identifiers; emergency contact details);
- Pseudonymous identifiers;
- Device identification (for example IMEI-number, SIM card number, MAC address); or
- Any other personal data identified in Article 4 of the GDPR.  
_Sensitive data transferred (if applicable) and applied restrictions or safeguards that fully take_  
_into consideration the nature of the data and the risks involved, such as for instance strict
purpose limitation, access restrictions (including access only for staff having followed
specialised training), keeping a record of access to the data, restrictions for onward transfers or
additional security measures:_  
GitHub does not request or otherwise ask for sensitive data and receives such data only if and
when customers or data subjects decide to provide it.  
_The frequency of the transfer (e.g. whether the data is transferred on a one-off or continuous
basis):_  
Continuous as part of the Online Services or Professional Services.  
_Nature of the processing:_  
The personal data transferred will be subject to the following basic processing activities:  
- Duration and Object of Data Processing. The duration of data processing shall be for the
term designated under the applicable GitHub Customer Agreement between data
exporter and the data importer. The objective of the data processing is the performance
of Online Services and Professional Services.
- Personal Data Access. For the term designated under the applicable GitHub Customer
Agreement, data importer will, at its election and as necessary under applicable law,
either: (1) provide data exporter with the ability to correct, delete, or block personal data,
or (2) make such corrections, deletions, or blockages on its behalf.
- Data Exporter’s Instructions. For Online Services and Professional Services, data importer
will only act upon data exporter’s instructions and the Agreement.  
_Purpose(s) of the data transfer and further processing:_  
The scope and purpose of processing personal data is described in DPA Sections 2 and 3 on
Scope and Processing Roles. Processing may take place in any jurisdiction where data importer
or its subprocessors operate such facilities in accordance with Section 7 on Data Transfers and
Locations.  
_The period for which the personal data will be retained, or, if that is not possible, the criteria
used to determine that period:_  
Upon expiration or termination of data exporter’s use of Online Services or Professional  
Services, it may extract personal data and data importer will delete personal data, each in
accordance with the DPA terms applicable to the agreement.  
_For transfers to (sub-) processors, also specify subject matter, nature and duration of the
processing:_  
In accordance with the DPA, the data importer may hire other companies to provide limited
services on data importer’s behalf, such as providing customer support. Any such
subcontractors will be permitted to obtain personal data only to deliver the services the data
importer has retained them to provide, and they are prohibited from using personal data for
any other purpose. Unless a particular subcontractor is replaced ahead of time, the processing
will be for the term designated under the applicable GitHub Customer Agreement between
data exporter and data importer.

## Document 9
```
“Affiliate” means any legal entity that controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with a
party. In this context control means ownership of more than a 50% interest in an entity.
```  
“Content” means text, data, software, images and any other materials that are displayed or otherwise
made available through the Online Service.  
“Customer” means the entity that has entered into this Agreement.  
“Customer Content” means Content that Customer creates, owns, or to which Customer holds the
rights.  
“End User” means any person or machine account that Customer permits to use a Product or access
Customer Content.  
“Feedback” means a comment or suggestion volunteered by a party about the other party’s business,
products or services.  
“GitHub” means GitHub, Inc.  
“Online Service” means the GitHub-hosted service to which Customer may subscribe under this
Agreement.  
“Order” means the method by which a Customer obtains its license to use a Product.  
“Previews” means Products provided for preview, evaluation, demonstration or trial purposes, or pre-
release versions of the Products.  
“Product” means all Software, Online Services and Additional Products and Features that GitHub offers,
including Previews, updates, patches, bug fixes and support provided by GitHub.  
“Product Specific Terms” means the additional product terms that apply to Products available under
this Agreement. The Product Specific Terms are provided at github.com/customer-terms.  
“Representatives” means a party’s employees, Affiliates, contractors, advisors and consultants.  
```
“SLA” means GitHub Online Services SLA, available at github.com/customer-terms which specifies the
minimum service level for the Online Services.
```
“Software” means licensed copies of the on-premises software GitHub Enterprise Server identified in
the Product Specific Terms, including any generally available updates of the Software.  
“Subscription License” means the license assigned to an End User.  
“Subscription Term” means the license period agreed between the parties when the Products are
ordered.  
“Support” means GitHub’s support programs described on github.com/support-enterprise.  
“U.S. Public Sector Amendment” means the U.S. Public Sector Amendment available at
github.com/customer-terms.

# To answer the following questions we must simulate a real context. In this case, we consider a customer with an annual subscription, enjoys since January 1, 2024 of the provider's services and the total amount of the fees is 528$. Until what day can the customer request data migration if the contract has been terminated?
## Background
The user question pertains to the specific scenario where a customer with an annual subscription to a provider's services, which began on January 1, 2024, and for which the total fees amount to $528, wishes to know until what day they can request data migration if the contract has been terminated.

## Thoughts
- The provided context includes a clause (9.5 Migration) that states the customer may migrate or request migration of the data in its repositories for up to ninety (90) days after termination of the Agreement.
  - Flawed: False
  - Helpful: True

- To determine the final day the customer can request data migration, we need to know the exact date of termination of the Agreement.
  - Flawed: False
  - Helpful: True

- Since the user has not provided the exact termination date, we cannot calculate the final day for data migration request.
  - Flawed: False
  - Helpful: True

- If we assume the contract is terminated on the last day of the annual subscription, which would be December 31, 2024, then we can calculate the final day for data migration request.
  - Flawed: True
  - Helpful: False

- The assumption that the contract is terminated on the last day of the annual subscription is not based on the information provided by the user and therefore is speculative.
  - Flawed: True
  - Helpful: False

- Without the exact termination date, the best we can do is provide the user with the method to calculate the final day for data migration request once they know the termination date.
  - Flawed: False
  - Helpful: True

## Answer
- To determine the final day you can request data migration after the termination of your contract, you would add ninety (90) days to the date of termination. Since the exact date of termination has not been provided, it is not possible to give a specific date. However, once you know the date your contract is terminated, you can calculate the final day for data migration by adding 90 days to that date.
  - Score: 10

